(BICYCLE BELL RINGS)
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
(YELLING) (STAMMERING)
Okay. Oh... Hey, hey, hey!
(GRUNTING)
Spider-Man!
SPIDER-MAN: Who else would it be?
Unless you know some other superhero
who spins webs and sticks to walls,
and is late for a very important date.
(SPIDEY SENSE TINGLES) Not good.
(ROARING)
(GRUNTS AND YELLS)
Yeah, that will not be my profile pic.
Miles Morales here.
You know, Spider-Man.
And it's moments like this I
wonder if I'm really qualified
to follow in Peter Parker's footsteps.
Or websteps. Are "Websteps" a thing?
(YELLING)
Hey! Personal space.
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
I destroyed one Spider-Man already.
Time for another.
So greedy. Think of all the other
super-villains that want me dead.
(GRUNTS)
I'm glad Peter's no longer
around to see this.
Hello? Where'd you go, Mr. Goblin?
Why can't all my battles end like this?
Nice. Just found my new profile pic.
Peter Parker here,
your friendly neighborhood
amateur sleuth tracking Doc Ock.
And I deduce he might have
something to do with that.
Doc Ock with Baron Mordo?
Otto, you have the most bizarre friends.
From the dark book of Vashti,
I cast the passenger spell of Varnae!
(CASTING SPELL)
La, ia perilous fathgen...
SPIDER-MAN: Baron Mordo. This
guy's a wannabe Dr. Strange,
except totally evil, works
for Hydra, and isn't even a doctor.
What's he the baron of,
anyway? Crazytown?
You imbecilic spider,
you have no idea
what you've stumbled into.
Is it a rave? Oh, and here
I forgot my glow sticks.
The siege perilous
is no mere party accoutrement.
(GROWLS)
The siege perilous?
That device that opens portals
to the other dimensions?
I'm gonna guess this isn't good.
Huh?
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
I hate being right!
(SCREAMING)
Sync and corrections by masaca
- addic7ed.com -
(CONTINUES SCREAM)
(GRUNTING)
Oh, I'd know the pain from
that fireball anywhere.
'Course. That Goblin.
You're not my Spider-Man.
What have you done?
You're blaming me?
Did you not see the guy
with robes and spells
and a "questionable beard"?
No.
(GRUNTS)
This is what I get for helping?
(YELLING)
Okay, so I guess we're
not gonna be friends.
Hope I don't hit that wall.
(GRUNTS AND GROANS)
Don't remember the weatherman
forecasting cracks in the sky tonight.
By the Eye of Agamotto,
you were right, Octavius.
This goblin is truly a sight to behold.
You brought me from my world. Why?
In all the dimensions,
you are the only goblin
who successfully destroyed a Spider-Man.
Hydra summoned you here
to obliterate another one.
Why are they always
talking behind my back?
Haters gonna hate!
(BOTH GRUNT)
Sorry to break up the job interview.
(GRUNTS)
Super-sticky webs. He'll be
trying to get that off for weeks.
(ROARS)
Or milliseconds. How did I
forget how strong you are?
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
Hunting spiders, my favorite pastime.
(GRUNTS)
Never thought I'd say this, but you're
making me miss my own goblin.
(CREAKING)
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS)
Yes. Destroy him.
(YELLING)
(GRUNTS)
Whoa! What's with you
and all the throwing?
Oh, where is there a wall
when you need one?
Or a mystical energy sphere.
That'll work too.
Hey, I'm not picky.
There was a disruption
on the web of realities.
I wish I could say I'm surprised to find
you at the center of it, Spider-Man.
Dr. Strange. Why does
everyone blame me for this?
What kind of reputation
do I have in this town?
Ock and Mordo must've been
missing their own Goblin,
so they brought a new one
from another reality.
His presence has disrupted
the balance of our world!
- (DR. STRANGE GRUNTS)
- Doc!
(YELLING)
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS AND SIGHS)
I love to see a spider squirm.
Strike one!
(GRUNTING)
Strike two! Three!
And I'm outta here!
Okay, Spidey. When have you
not risen to the occasion?
This is a bigger and badder
goblin than my old one.
But I can be a bigger and badder...
(DR. OCTOPUS GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
What was I saying again?
You may have stumbled
your way to victory before.
"Stumbled?" Well, now you
know my secret strategy.
But that all ends to...
(YELLS)
Quickly, we have to get
the goblin back to his world
before the damage to ours is critical.
Stephen. Here for my moment of glory.
Book of Thoth...
(CASTING SPELL) Admonit edium!
(YELLS)
You could do so much with your skill,
Karl, yet you work for archfiends.
The lesser Book of Vashanti...
(CASTING SPELL) Extranous epilorum!
(GRUNTS)
I told you never to call me Karl!
(CASTING SPELL) Intrambi coaxium!
Lorus thweem!
Sorry to interrupt your spell-ing bee.
(CHUCKLES) Get it?
But... Yoink!
Aah!
No!
Strange cannot handle the
power of the siege perilous!
Aah!
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
Really? I think I'm gonna trust
a doctor's opinion over some baron's.
DR. STRANGE: I can only hold
the portal open
for a limited time
before the damage is irreversible.
Don't worry. I've got a plan.
- Hey, ugly!
- Huh?
(GRUNTS)
Name-calling? That is your plan?
He totally looked.
Try to catch me, you second-rate Osborn!
(GOBLIN ROARING)
(GRUNTING)
Man, this is easier than dodgeball
in gym class, with kindergartners.
The last laugh will be mine!
Nope. Mine.
(FAKE LAUGH)
See what I did there?
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(SPIDER-MAN GRUNTS)
(YELLING)
No!
I'm not leaving yet.
Not when there's a Spider-Man left.
Reality's on the edge
of shattering.
(GRUNTS)
By the flaming tower
of Radomaski!
Goblin's throwing off
the balance
because I'm not the Spider-Man
who counterbalances him.
Can you hold that portal
open a little longer?
I shall try.
I just hope Miles isn't hard to find.
- Miles?
- The Spider-Man from this goblin's world.
I have another plan.
I do hope it is superior
to calling him ugly.
Make haste!
(GROWLING)
(GRUNTING)
You cannot hold this forever,
Stephen Strange.
(GROANING)
Hurry, Spider-Man.
(GRUNTS)
Well, here goes
nothing!
(SCREAMING)
Of course the portal
isn't on the ground,
because that would be
too easy.
Okay, gotta find one teenager
in the middle of New York
before the portal collapses and
strands me in an alternate dimension.
So, no pressure.
Hello! This world's Spider-Man.
- Hey!
- Anyone seen him?
MILES: Balancing a cake while
webbing through the city?
(NERVOUS CHUCKLE)
No pressure.
Ay! Miles, you startled me.
I'm still not used to you
having these powers.
Sorry, Mom.
Hey, there might be something
in this box you'd be interested in.
Tres leches! My favorite.
The best mom in the world deserves
the best cake in the world.
- Happy birthday.
- I saw you on the news today.
That goblin. He looks so dangerous.
You know I have to do this.
It's kind of my responsibility.
Hmm. Your dad used to say
the same thing.
He always helped everyone
else before helping himself.
I know. Which is exactly why
you're going to let me
finish vacuuming. (LAUGHS)
- I'm almost done.
- It's your birthday.
Help yourself to some cake.
(GASPS)
Is it really you, the one
from another dimension?
Unless you were expecting
the Spyder-Knight.
How did you find me?
I used this ancient technology
called the phone book.
Couldn't believe it.
Everyone's in that thing.
It still freaks me out seeing you alive.
So you beat the goblin of your world?
I knew you would.
I couldn't have without your help,
which is why I'm here.
Your goblin's in my universe, kind
of tearing up reality, as we know it.
So that's where he disappeared to.
Dr. Strange can't keep
the portal open long.
- We gotta go.
- Right now?
It's my mom's birthday, and whoa!
(ELECTRIC CRACKLE)
Did I not emphasize the "Tearing
up reality" part enough?
Miles, Spider-Man,
please, I need your help.
I can't do it without you.
MILES: If you really need help,
I'm your guy.
But I'm coming right back. Not
gonna miss my mom's birthday.
Two spider-men to take down one goblin?
How long could that take?
Hurry! Strange must be losing control!
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
PETER: No! Dr. Strange!
(GROWLS)
PETER: Now let's see you try to
stop two spider... (SCREAMING) Men!
(BOTH YELLING)
BARON MORDO: Yes!
- Well done, my goblin.
- I am not your goblin!
I take orders from no one.
A monster after my own heart.
Nonsense! This beast's will cannot
oppose that of its new master, Hydra.
(GASPS)
- I have no master!
- Blasted ignoramus!
You shall be subjugated
to the will of Baron Mordo,
ruler of the mystic!
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
MILES: Should we, uh, let these guys
sort this out amongst themselves?
I wish. The siege perilous could destroy
the world in any of their hands.
It's the only way to send you and
the goblin back to your world.
DR. STRANGE: (WEARILY)
You were right, Spider-Man.
Miles has balanced
our reality... For now.
Dr. Strange, that was a pretty
hard goblin hit. Trust me, I know.
I will be fine. Once my chakras realign.
Chakras. Right.
(ROARS)
(YELLS)
Ah!
(GRUNTS)
Yes! My time has come!
(PETER GRUNTS)
What time is that?
Loser o'clock?
You cannot handle that power, imbecile!
Maybe you're right.
You wanna try, Miles?
(GRUNTING)
Yet another spider?
Wow! Your world's Doc Ock is way old.
What are you, 30?
(GRUNTS)
An age you will not reach.
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS)
What's this?
(SCOFFS)
BOTH: I'm gonna guess that's not good.
Blunt force from the siege perilous
is puncturing holes in our reality.
Yep.
Not good at all.
Bashing reality itself?
I've always wanted to destroy
an entire universe.
(GRUNTING)
(ALL SCREAMING)
Learn the unknown words of this movie
(GRUNTS)
I hate to say it, but I think you might
be late to your mom's birthday party.
(GRUNTS)
FYI, I didn't bring you here just to watch
our reality shatter into oblivion.
Good, 'cause if you did,
that would just be mean.
Oh!
(YELLS)
Not only do I get to
destroy another Spider-Man,
I get to destroy his entire world!
But it's my world as well, you imbecile.
Aah!
Goblin, you are smarter than this.
I wanted a weapon, not
a destroyer of worlds.
(YELLS)
What you want means nothing to me.
Aah!
(GROANS)
Yield the siege perilous, demon.
(CASTING SPELL)
Idiculoom cartartus!
(EVIL LAUGHTER)
Never!
(GRUNTING)
Uh, he was pretty strong
before he became invincible.
The goblin cannot be harmed
while holding it,
but the siege perilous can be
destroyed with an energy surge.
Then let me introduce it
to my arachno-blast.
No. If we destroy it,
you'll be trapped here.
We'll beat him the way we did before.
Time for a Spider-Man team-up.
(MANIACAL LAUGHTER)
Argh!
(BELLOWS)
(GROWLS)
PETER: Hey, ugly!
(CHUCKLES) You fell for it again.
Can't believe it.
(GRUNTS)
Whoa! Aah!
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
Ah.
- MILES: Hey, ugly!
- Huh?
He was right. That totally worked.
(GRUNTS)
(YELLS)
Beast, I, Baron Mordo, am a fifth-level
acolyte of the Demonata Maxiumus
and hold the seal of Illium.
I command you
to cease this attack!
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS AND GROANS)
What have you done? My...
(SCREAMING)
No!
(YELLS)
(GRUNTING)
- Time to be destroyed again.
- Not while I'm here!
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
No! You'll be trapped in our world!
(GRUNTS)
Being a hero means putting others first.
I learned that from watching
my dad and you.
(GRUNTS)
Whoa!
Portals to other dimensions.
Spyder-Knight!
And is that a robo-spider?
Hey, I know that guy.
(GRUNTING)
Mom?
(CONTINUES GRUNTING)
(GOBLIN YELLING)
(SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
Can't let you save our universe
only to splat on the pavement.
(CONTINUES SCREAMING)
Huh?
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
Huh?
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS)
Miles, you sacrificed everything.
Well, that is what
a Spider-Man does, right?
Hurry. He could have enough residual
dimensional energy
for me to open a gateway
and get him back home.
The cross-world winds of Wantoon!
Miles!
- Mom!
- DR. STRANGE: I cannot bridge our worlds.
This is but a window.
(GRUNTS)
One that I cannot hold.
- Where are you?
- Mom, I'm sorry,
but someone was in danger.
So it was your responsibility to help.
I don't know how yet, but I'm
gonna find a way back to you.
I know you will.
I love you, Miles.
(THUDS)
Running away like a wounded animal?
Of course not, you neanderthal.
Unlike the mindless Hydra,
I am intelligent enough to know
when to retreat.
But make no mistake,
today's loss is on you.
You wanted to control me.
I cannot be controlled.
Nor I. It is Hydra who
wanted to be your master.
Otto Octavius only needs an ally.
One who despises
Spider-Man as much as I.
An ally.
PETER: Welcome to the Triskelion,
your new home until we find a way
to get you back to your old one.
Giving you the most awesome place in
the world to live is the least I can do.
(GRUNTING)
- And it's all shiny and newly rebuilt.
- Rebuilt?
Well, Ock's army of goblins
kind of captured everyone
and zapped them with a
mind ray and blew it up.
Wait. What?
Don't worry about it. Come on.
I'll introduce you to the team.
No, no. Go back
to the "Blew it up" part.
(GRUNTS)
Meet the rest of the Web Warriors.
(GRUNTING)
Iron Spider.
Agent Venom.
(GRUNTS)
And Scarlet Spider.
Another stray? Where'd you
dig this one up?
Yeah, says the guy Spidey
found in the sewer.
I hate you.
- Look, everyone, I want you to meet...
- Spider-Man.
That's Spider-Man?
We're actually both Spider-Man.
You can't both be Spider-Man.
Okay, let's be fair and square.
I'll be Spider-Man.
- I called it.
- SCARLET SPIDER: Called it!
(CHUCKLES)
What are you, 13?
- Maybe.
- What are you, 150?
Look, his name's Miles, and he's the
Spider-Man from another dimension,
- and he's kind of trapped here.
- Temporarily.
(CHUCKLES)
Well, then, welcome
to the team, Spider-Man.
Wait. What? No. I'm Spider-Man.
I've been Spider-Man for, like, ever.
He called it, dude, fair and square.
It's indisputable.
No, it's very disputable.
This place might not be
so bad after all.
Glad you like it.
But I'm still Spider-Man.
Sync and corrections by masaca
- addic7ed.com -
Learn the unknown words of this movie